Let's review what we've learned.
Our integration testing strategy uses MockMvc to send requests to our
web service and various techniques to return a set of known responses
from the service's back-end resource.
In the case of the product service, which uses a SQL database back end,
we leverage DbUnit to pre-populate an H2 database before tests
run and clean it up after the tests complete.
In the case of the review service, which uses MongoDB as its back end,
we leverage the MongoSpringExtension that we build previously to pre-populate
MongoDB before tests run and clean it up after tests complete.
Finally, in the case of the review service,
which makes calls to a third-party API,
we leverage WireMock to return expected responses for the
various API calls from our service to simulate the
scenarios that we wanted to test.
At this point,
you should feel confident writing integration tests using JUnit and
understand how to perform integration tests with a SQL back end, a MongoDB back end, and against a third-party API.